feat: Add ModuleInfo as optional to ModuleTemplate (#1906)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/03-moduletemplate.md

If not specified, the **namespace** of the resource mentioned in **.spec.data** will be controlled by the `sync-namespace` flag; otherwise, it will be respected. All other attributes (including **.metadata.name**, **apiVersion**, and **kind**) are taken over as stated. Note that since it behaves similarly to a `template`, any subresources, such as **status**, are ignored, even if specified in the field.

### **.spec.info**

> The `info` field contains metadata about the module, including repository, documentation, and icons. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **info** field contains module metadata, including the repository URL, documentation link, and icons. For example:
```

```
spec:
  info:
    repository: https://github.com/example/repo
    documentation: https://docs.example.com
    icons:
    - name: example-icon
      link: https://example.com/icon.png
```

- repository: The link to the repository of the module.
- documentation: The link to the documentation of the module.

> - icons: A list of icons associated with the module, each with a name and link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- icons: A list of icons of the module, each with a name and link.
```
